# Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist Church, Inc.
Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist Church, Inc. was formed by the CIA, which then began occupying the church's property. The CIA provided funeral arrangements to loved ones of victims who called the church phone number inquiring about their whereabouts. Friends and family of the victims would then relay details of the arrangements to others. However, on the day of the announced funeral, mourners would arrive at the church only to be killed. Dozens of funerals could be announced at the exact same time. The purpose of the funerals was to eliminate any people who could cause the CIA problems by talking about their loved ones who went missing at church. This cycle  continues to repeat today, with funerals now announced for people who went to the church for a fake funeral instead of the victims of the original massacre. It has no signs of stopping, as each fake funeral grows larger. 

The name, "Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist Church, Inc." was provided in response to a letter from Kelvin Williams who wrote his lifelong church after learning of the massacre. Kelvin addressed the letter to his cousin and the pastor of his lifelong church Mount Calvary Baptist Church, the Rev. Dr. Felix G. Williams, III. The "Missionary" would indicate a denomination change, however it was the CIA making a joke of the massacre since Kelvin "runs missions" for the Creator.

The charade uses the address 4743 Todds Road which Google and Apple Maps lists as the Mount Calvary Baptist Church cemetery, the true church's address is 4742.
